jwt_modes/README.md, before:

# Authentication_app
## Overview
This project implements a robust authentication system using both secret key authentication and RSA public-key cryptography. It is designed to provide secure communication between clients and servers, ensuring data integrity and confidentiality.

## Features
1. Secret Key Authentication: Utilizes symmetric encryption to authenticate users with a shared secret key, ensuring that only authorized users can access the system.
2. RSA Authentication: Implements asymmetric encryption using RSA keys to securely exchange messages and verify identities without requiring a shared secret.
3. Secure Data Transmission: Protects sensitive information during transmission using industry-standard cryptographic algorithms.
4. Modular Design: The code is organized into modules for easy maintenance and extensibility.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
1. Rust (version 1.50 or later)
2. Cargo (Rust package manager)

### Installation
1. Clone the repository
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/MohammadSu1/Authentication_app.git
   cd Authentication_app

2. Build the project
   ```Rust
   cargo build

Commit message:

Update the README file for the jwt_modes

jwt_modes/README.md, after:

# Authentication_app
## Overview
This project implements a robust authentication system using both secret key authentication and RSA public-key cryptography. It is designed to provide secure communication between clients and servers, ensuring data integrity and confidentiality.

## Features
1. Secret Key Authentication: Utilizes symmetric encryption to authenticate users with a shared secret key, ensuring that only authorized users can access the system.
2. RSA Authentication: Implements asymmetric encryption using RSA keys to securely exchange messages and verify identities without requiring a shared secret.
3. Secure Data Transmission: Protects sensitive information during transmission using industry-standard cryptographic algorithms.
4. Modular Design: The code is organized into modules for easy maintenance and extensibility.

## Getting Started

### RSA-Based JWTs
1. **Check Key Existence**: Use the *key_existance* function to determine whether RSA public and private keys already exist.
2. **Read Existing Keys**: If keys are found, the *read_keys* function will read and load them for use.
3. **Generate New Keys**: If no keys exist, the generate_jwt function will create new RSA keys.
4. **Save Keys**: After generatig or reading keys, you can save them using the *save_keys* function for future use.
5. **Verify Keys**: To validate any public key, use the *verify_jwt* function.

### Secret Key-Based JWTs
If you prefer to use a secret key instead of RSA, you can utilize the following:
1. **Generate JWT**: Use the *generate_jwt* function under the *jwt_secret* module to create a JWT.
2. **Verify JWT**: Use the *verify_jwt* function under the *jwt_secret* module to validate a secret-based JWT.

## Installation
Add this crate to your **Cargo.toml** file:
```Rust
[dependencies]
jwt_modes = "0.1.1"
